Updated documentation for the `fioctl keys tuf` commands (#495)
foundriesio/docs: source/reference-manual/security/offline-keys.rst

.. _ref-offline-keys:

Offline Factory TUF Keys
=================================

The FoundriesFactory® uses `The Update Framework (TUF) <TUF_>`_
for multi-level key management strategy to secure software updates.
Part of this strategy utilizes roles to separate software update responsibilities.
By restricting each role's responsibilities or actions it is trusted to perform,
the impact of a compromised role's key is minimized.

Even so, if a key were compromised,

> TUF provides a mechanism for reliably revoking keys: the root role.

Reviewer: i don't quite understand this sentence. I think you could just drop "the root role" and have a complete sentence.

Author: Strangely enough, it is not a sentence I wrote, and I somehow understand it ;-) .
I'll change it according to your suggestion, as it will still look clear enough to me.

Author: Simply used your suggestion.

The root role exists to delegate trust
to all other top-level roles used in the system.

> TUF allows rotation of the root key in case it gets compromised.

Reviewer: Not just compromise - you have to do it yearly.

Author: Again, it is not my sentence.
I'll try to write smth like `when it gets compromised or its validity term expires`.

Author: Did just that.

Since key rotation is crucial to Factory security,
it is important that the root key be highly secure as well.

To increase a root key's security further,

> it is encouraged that the Factory owner rotates it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the Factory owner must rotate it.
```

Author: If we're changing this, I'd add _must rotate it **regularly**_.

Reviewer: sounds good.

Author: Completely removed this whole paragraph as it duplicates a lot of info from below.

But I used the word `regularly` down the text.

Rotation will convert the root role's online-key,

> generated during the bootstrap of a Factory, to an offline key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
generated during the bootstrap of a Factory and stored in the FoundriesFactory backend, to an offline key controlled by the user.
```

Author: I actually didn't pay enough attention to this sentence... When I read it now I don't like it at all, because it has too complex structure.
Furthermore, your suggestion adds too many words to its too complex structure.

I have to think a little bit how to make it more concise and keep its essence... Possibly, we need two sentences here.

Reviewer: make sense. there's this weird thing when i review docs where I try to not change the person's "voice" too much and also minimize the diff. but you have the right idea here.

Author: I ended up rewriting this entire section.

it is important that the root key be highly secure as well.

To increase a root key's security further,
it is encouraged that the Factory owner rotates it.
Rotation will convert the root role's online-key,
generated during the bootstrap of a Factory, to an offline key.

Rotation
--------

> Key rotation updates the keys that a FoundriesFactory fleet will trust.

Author: Makes sense. At the end, customer cares _more_ about what their devices trust _than_ what Foundries.io trusts.

> Key rotation updates the keys that a FoundriesFactory fleet will trust.

Author: I removed this section altogether.  This text was duplicated at least twice above and below.

> Every new Factory should have its keys rotated for offline storage.

Author: I will re-read the first section and come back.

TBH I only split that part from one quadzillion characters long line into more lines, and fixed the `vale` errors for it.
The text itself looked more or less intact to me.

Now I think I need to pay more attention to it.

> Key rotation is also necessary in the event of a key compromise.

Author: I have a _deja vu_. You gave the same comment to the same sentence above.

Probably I need to leave just one instance of it.

> Key rotation is also necessary in the event of a key compromise.

Author: Removed this section.

> The `Fioctl™ <Fioctl_>`_ includes commands for managing TUF keys.

Author: So, we don't use `the` with `Fioctl`, right?

I _guess_ I need to go back to English classes :D

> The `Fioctl™ <Fioctl_>`_ includes commands for managing TUF keys.

Author: I _believe_ I fixed it everywhere.

The TUF root key is the most important key in TUF.
The owner of this key can sign the TUF ``root.json``
which defines what keys and roles devices can trust.
When a Factory is created, Foundries.io™ creates the first root key automatically.

A new root key can be defined by doing a `key rotation`.
A key rotation sets the new root key for the Factory,
and signs the new ``root.json`` with the previous root key
to demonstrate proper ownership.

> The first time one does this Fioctl_ will download
> the relevant content from a remote server into a specified file.
> This only needs to be done **once** to gather the root keys offline.
> It will gather the keys offline and make a singular, first, rotation at the same time.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
At the first rotation, Fioctl_ downloads
the relevant content from a remote server into a specified file.
This only needs to be done **once** to gather the root keys offline.
The initial rotation gathers the keys offline and makes a singular, first rotation at the same time.
```

Author: Thanks, your suggestion looks better than the original.

I will try to combine it with what @doanac suggested on this same paragraph... and re-think this whole piece.

I will come back with an improved text.

Author: I completely rewrite this paragraph, taking your suggestion into account.

.. note::
  In the past we used to send the TUF keys tarball via email
  to Factory owners at Factory creation.
  Factory owners who received that email
  and have not yet downloaded/rotated the initial keys,
  can proceed with the initial rotation as described here.
  The email can be ignored.

>   Further rotations can also follow the steps described in this section.

Reviewer: We can drop that. Its ancient

Reviewer 2: @doanac I wouldn't drop this note for now as we had a fairly recent feedback/question about this (October 22). I suggest we keep this for one more release then drop it.

Author: So, as per @vanmaegima appeal I'm going to leave it.

In this context ancient equals `> 2 years`. That change is not yet mature enough to gain that title.

Author: Re-worded this to be more concise.

The initial rotation can be done in Fioctl_ with::

  fioctl keys tuf rotate-offline-key --role=root --first-time \
    --keys=/absolute/path/to/root.keys.tgz

.. note::
  At this point, the contents of the tarball are as described
  `below <How To Backup Offline Keys_>`_.

> At this point the only copy of the Factory's root private key is in this file.

Author: I'll try to improve.

> At this point the only copy of the Factory's root private key is in this file.

Author: I rewrote everything related to `Backup Offline Keys` section.
In particular, I split it into two sections (`View Keys` vs `Backup Keys`).

I _think_ the new version is both more concise and better structured.

This file **cannot be lost** or it will be impossible

> to make future key updates to the Factory.

Reviewer 2: If we lose the keys, it will be impossible to manage the Factory/devices/targets completely, correct? I believe we should expand this.

Author: I think a statement _as in the text_ is accurate enough.

The user can still manage their fleet and targets (after loosing root keys).
The devices will be able to update until the root role expires, only after that the update function will be disabled.

So, the only instant problem is an inability to manage TUF keys; a longer-term problem is inability to deliver updates.
But, the customer will still have some time to come to us for help. We may in theory erase their TUF root history, they will generate new offline keys, and then manually re-flash every affected device.

So, it is not the worst thing that could happen. But I'm not sure we need to overload the user with all these details.

An _inability to manage TUF keys_ already sounds scary enough to contact the customer support.

Reviewer 2: How about: inability to manage TUF keys that can/will impact future operations to the fleet?
I see many customers doing their first rotation at 1y mark that aren't yet scared enough/don't understand enough TUF keys and their impact, so I wanted to increase the criticality here.

Author: I understand your point. I will try to find a balance between _scary enough_ versus _specific enough_ versus _concise enough_ in the next version.

TBH, I think customers only visit this page 1 year after the factory was created (when their keys expire). It took me, maybe, 10 minutes of browsing our doc site to navigate to it. We need to add some note elsewhere, and put a link to this page on a more visible place, in order for them to have more context.

Author: Done.

Any further root key rotations,
including cases where the root key has been compromised,
can be done with the following command::

  fioctl keys tuf rotate-offline-key --role=root --keys=/absolute/path/to/root.keys.tgz

.. note::

>   At this point, the tarball should be backed up as described

Author: Makes sense.

>   At this point, the tarball should be backed up as described

Author: Done.

  `below <How To Backup Offline Keys_>`_.

Establishing an Offline Target Key
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

TUF has the notion of a ``targets.json`` file which specifies
what updates (Targets) are available to a device.
This file must be signed with a target signing key
and pushed to Foundries.io servers.
Normal CI builds sign the targets with the
Foundries.io owned target signing key trusted by the Factory.

> 

Reviewer 2: We can add a note to link the production targets page here.

Author: Makes sense.

Author: Done.

Also, linked the OTA page somewhere.

In order to ensure customer control of updates,
production devices require their ``targets.json`` file
to be signed by two parties:

 * The Foundries.io online target signing key.
 * The customer's offline target signing key.

A Factory can create its target signing key in Fioctl_ with::

  fioctl keys tuf rotate-offline-key --role=targets \
    --keys=/absolute/path/to/root.keys.tgz --targets-keys=/absolute/path/to/targets.keys.tgz

This command will generate a new targets key and
store it in a file specified by ``--targets-keys``.
It then creates 2 versions of ``root.json``,
signs them by the root key (from the ``--keys`` argument),
and sends them to Foundries.io.
Both TUF root versions are be identical
except the one for production devices will

> specify a targets signing threshold of 2 rather than 1.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
specify a targets signing threshold of 2 rather than 1, needing both Foundries.io online and customer's offline target signing keys.
```

Author: That sentence is already too long.

Anyway, technically speaking the customer could upload 2 offline keys, in which case the online key is not required anymore. Probably, I can add a separate sentence like: _That effectively requires the production `targets.json` to be signed by the offline signing key in addition to the online key_.  I have to re-read the whole thing to see how it fits.

Author: Done.

.. note::
  The ``--targets-keys`` argument is optional;
  if it is missing then the command will save the offline targets key
  into the same file where it stores the offline root key.

>   Foundries.io recommends to keep these keys in a separate file.

Reviewer: Might be able to just say "We recommend" or its "It's recommened...". Katrina will know.

Author: Yeah... I think I overload the user with branding sometimes. _We recommend..._ should be good enough.

Author: I _think_ I improved the balance of branding compared to my initial diff.

Part of this strategy utilizes roles to separate software update responsibilities.
By restricting each role's responsibilities or actions it is trusted to perform,
the impact of a compromised role's key is minimized.

Even so, if a key was compromised, TUF provides a mechanism to reliably revoke that key.
The root role exists to delegate trust to all other top-level roles used in the system.
TUF allows to `rotate` its keys, for example, when they are compromised or their validity term expired.
To rotate the key, the user must crypto-sign the new key with the current root key,
and authorize this operation using their FoundriesFactory credentials.
This builtin `two-factor` authorization of TUF keys management operations
makes it hard to perform known attacks by obtaining only one of the secrets.

FoundriesFactory provides the ability to manage TUF keys via dedicated `Fioctl™ <Fioctl_>`_ commands.

How to Rotate Offline TUF Root Key
----------------------------------

The TUF root key is the most important key in TUF.
The owner of this key can sign TUF ``root.json`` which defines what keys and roles your Factory devices can trust.

> The initial TUF root key for your Factory is generated by the Foundries.io™, and it is stored online on our servers.
> The Factory admin must take that key offline by rotating it as soon as possible.
> Thereafter, that (offline) TUF root key must be rotated regularly (at the least yearly) to keep you Factory secure.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The initial TUF root key for your Factory is generated by Foundries.io™, and it is stored online on our servers.
The Factory admin must take that key offline by rotating it as soon as possible.
Thereafter, that (offline) TUF root key must be rotated regularly (at the least yearly) to keep your Factory secure.
```

Author: Fixed globally:
- https://github.com/foundriesio/docs/pull/495/commits/ec2cc087c92a73d806de1f8b2155df609cb0ca41
- https://github.com/foundriesio/docs/pull/495/commits/3d6249a3b6aaeffc525937045f087901cec8c8c4

.. note::

>   In the past we used to send the TUF keys tarball via email to Factory owners at Factory creation.

Author: Fixed: https://github.com/foundriesio/docs/pull/495/commits/99bb448a65aa4ff0d18fb18ed9d7d24b7575a77d

  That email can be ignored.
  Factory owners who received it and have not yet downloaded/rotated the initial keys,
  can proceed with the initial rotation as described in this section.

To take your TUF root key offline by performing its first time rotation, use this Fioctl_ command::

  fioctl keys tuf rotate-offline-key --role=root --first-time \
    --keys=/absolute/path/to/root.keys.tgz

This command will perform the following steps:
  - download the initial (online) TUF root key;
  - generate your first (offline) TUF root key;
  - generate and sign the new version of ``root.json`` by both keys;
  - and finally upload it to Foundries.io servers.

The above command only needs to be run **once**.
Onwards, use a shorter command to rotate your (offline) TUF root key::

>   fioctl keys tuf rotate-offline-key --role=root --keys=/absolute/path/to/root.keys.tgz

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  fioctl keys tuf rotate-offline-key --role=root --keys=/absolute/path/to/root.keys.tgz
```
I would add a note here to avoid confusion: where root.keys.tgz is the offline copy of your keys from previous rotations.
I already got some questions from customers asking where can they find this file.

> When rotation TUF root key, the newly generated key is added to the keys tarball (``root.keys.tgz`` in examples).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When rotating TUF root key, the newly generated key is added to the keys tarball (``root.keys.tgz`` in examples).
```

That file **must never be lost**.
Otherwise, it will be impossible to make any future updates to the Factory TUF keys.
That will lead to the inability to deliver new :ref:`Over-the-Air (OTA) updates <ref-ota>` to your Factory devices.

> Therefore, after each TUF root key rotation we recommend to `Backup Offline TUF Keys`_ as described below.

Author: Fixed: https://github.com/foundriesio/docs/pull/495/commits/99bb448a65aa4ff0d18fb18ed9d7d24b7575a77d

How to Rotate Offline TUF Targets Key
-------------------------------------

TUF has the notion of a ``targets.json`` file which specifies what updates (Targets) are available to Factory devices.
That file is automatically maintained by your Factory CI builds.
At the end of each build it is updated, signed by (online) TUF targets key, and pushed to Foundries.io servers.

Before going to production and creating the first :ref:`Wave and Production Targets <ref-production-targets>`,
a Factory owner must generate the offline TUF targets key.

The FoundriesFactory ensures that the Factory admins have exclusive control of updates to production devices.
To achieve that it requires the production ``targets.json`` files to be signed by two TUF targets keys:

>  * The Foundries.io owned online target signing key, stored on the server side.
>  * The customer owned offline target signing key, stored on the customer's storage of choice.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 * The Foundries.io owned **online** target signing key, stored on the server side.
 * The customer owned **offline** target signing key, stored on the customer's storage of choice.
```

Author: Makes sense to emphasize these words, though I _think_ italic is better in this place: https://github.com/foundriesio/docs/pull/495/commits/c2d3f3266ae58a8b25aad748b8e2516ff3925473

To generate your first offline TUF targets key, or rotate an existing key, use this Fioctl_ command::

  fioctl keys tuf rotate-offline-key --role=targets \
    --keys=/absolute/path/to/root.keys.tgz --targets-keys=/absolute/path/to/targets.keys.tgz

This command will perform the following steps:
  - generate a new targets key and store it in a file specified by ``--targets-keys``;
  - generate a new version of ``root.json`` and sign it by the TUF root key (specified by ``--keys`` argument);
  - re-sign existing production targets using the newly generated key (if present);
  - and finally upload both new ``root.json`` and new production targets signatures to the Foundries.io servers.

.. note::
  Technically speaking, that command generates two almost identical ``root.json`` files: the CI and production ones.
  The only difference is that the production ``root.json`` sets the targets signing threshold to 2,
  while the CI flavour of ``root.json`` keeps it at 1.
  That nuance allows to require only 1 signature for your Factory CI targets, but 2 signatures for production.

>   This is convenient to quickly test your CI builds on test devices, while keeping production devices more secured.

Author: Applied almost all your suggestions:
- wording in the first sensence: https://github.com/foundriesio/docs/pull/495/commits/a538eba005b19848cff9862f5f4a33c8139b49bc
- fix typo: https://github.com/foundriesio/docs/pull/495/commits/f1e27852696afc66830e84c95f3dc2d563c7d69d
- correct usage of `allow + verb` (fixed globally): https://github.com/foundriesio/docs/pull/495/commits/a16d86ca38df9f7bf717cf22e9c8b3e2ed8ec021
- no comma before `but`: https://github.com/foundriesio/docs/pull/495/commits/7b42b1e044d2f932b52e094a1ef96d2dc7ebbd88

As for the last sentence, I prefer to keep it as is:
- Oxford dictionary says that both _gerund_ and _infinitive_ are OK here: https://dictionary.cambridge.org/dictionary/english/convenient; but the majority of examples use infinitive. I personally also like it more.
- The suggested version is harder to read due to misplacement of `quickly` - it should be either before `testing` or after `devices`; I prefer the former option as it is easier to understand.
- I also prefer a comma before `while` as it makes it easier to see the boundary between two sub-sentences.

.. note::
  The ``--targets-keys`` argument in the above command is optional;

>   if it is missing then the command saves the offline targets key in the same file as the offline root key.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  if it is missing, the command saves the offline targets key in the same file as the offline root key.
```

Author: Fixed: https://github.com/foundriesio/docs/pull/495/commits/99bb448a65aa4ff0d18fb18ed9d7d24b7575a77d

>   We recommend to keep these keys in two separate files.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  We recommend keeping these keys in two separate files.
```

Author: Fixed the usage of `recommend + verb` globally: https://github.com/foundriesio/docs/pull/495/commits/69cde686a06af5462028a1276896e8283678dc35

.. _ref-offline-keys:

Offline Factory TUF Keys
========================

> The FoundriesFactory® uses `The Update Framework (TUF) <TUF_>`_

Author: ok

> The FoundriesFactory® uses `The Update Framework (TUF) <TUF_>`_

Author: https://github.com/foundriesio/docs/pull/495/commits/6c12af7ccc9dc3e09c94a794265d82ffe23ed050

.. note::
  In the past, we used to send the TUF keys tarball via email to Factory owners at Factory creation.
  That email can be ignored.
  Factory owners who received it and have not yet downloaded/rotated the initial keys,
  can proceed with the initial rotation as described in this section.

To take your TUF root key offline by performing its first time rotation, use this Fioctl_ command::

  fioctl keys tuf rotate-offline-key --role=root --first-time \
    --keys=/absolute/path/to/root.keys.tgz

This command will perform the following steps:

  - download the initial (online) TUF root key;
  - generate your first (offline) TUF root key;
  - generate and sign the new version of ``root.json`` by both keys;
  - and finally upload it to Foundries.io servers.

The above command only needs to be run **once**.
Onwards, use a shorter command to rotate your (offline) TUF root key::

  fioctl keys tuf rotate-offline-key --role=root --keys=/absolute/path/to/root.keys.tgz

.. note::
  Here and below the ``root.keys.tgz`` file is the one created during the first offline TUF root key rotation.

> When rotating TUF root key, the newly generated key is added to the keys tarball (``root.keys.tgz`` in examples).

Author: TUF is `The Update Framework`... Thus I _think_ the second `the` is not applicable here.

> When rotating TUF root key, the newly generated key is added to the keys tarball (``root.keys.tgz`` in examples).

Reviewer 4: This is one of the grammatically strange, grey areas. It is redundant when the acronym is expanded but is also being used as a modifier. Another option would be to reword it. "When rotating the root key for TUF," would work around the issue.

> When rotating TUF root key, the newly generated key is added to the keys tarball (``root.keys.tgz`` in examples).

Author: In cases like this I try to look what _others_ are doing in this case. So I took a look at https://github.com/theupdateframework/specification/blob/master/tuf-spec.md.

It looks like authors of TUF freely use articles `a, the` with TUF when it is used as a modifier (like in this case). So, I'll update the document as per your initial suggestion. I don't like `the root key for TUF` kind of thing, because this `TUF root key` is a sort of a _standard phrase_.

> When rotating TUF root key, the newly generated key is added to the keys tarball (``root.keys.tgz`` in examples).

Author: fixed in force-push

Funny enough, I used `the TUF root key` in all other places except this one :D

That file **must never be lost**.
Otherwise, it will be impossible to make any future updates to the Factory TUF keys.
That will lead to the inability to deliver new :ref:`Over-the-Air (OTA) updates <ref-ota>` to your Factory devices.
Therefore, after each TUF root key rotation, we recommend that you `Backup Offline TUF Keys`_ as described below.

How to Rotate Offline TUF Targets Key
-------------------------------------

TUF has the notion of a ``targets.json`` file which specifies what updates (Targets) are available to Factory devices.
That file is automatically maintained by your Factory CI builds.
At the end of each build it is updated, signed by (online) TUF targets key, and pushed to Foundries.io servers.

Before going to production and creating the first :ref:`Wave and Production Targets <ref-production-targets>`,
a Factory owner must generate the offline TUF targets key.

> The FoundriesFactory ensures that the Factory admins have exclusive control of updates to production devices.

Author: ok

> The FoundriesFactory ensures that the Factory admins have exclusive control of updates to production devices.

Author: https://github.com/foundriesio/docs/pull/495/commits/6c12af7ccc9dc3e09c94a794265d82ffe23ed050

> To achieve that it requires the production ``targets.json`` files to be signed by two TUF targets keys:

Author: ok

> To achieve that it requires the production ``targets.json`` files to be signed by two TUF targets keys:

Author: https://github.com/foundriesio/docs/pull/495/commits/b61fb80cc8de66bd1694aab133d5776466154671

  - The Foundries.io owned `online` target signing key, stored on the server side.

>   - The customer owned `offline` target signing key, stored on the customer's storage of choice.

Author: Makes sense.

I ended up with this:
```
The Factory admin owned `offline` target signing key, stored on their storage of choice.
```

>   - The customer owned `offline` target signing key, stored on the customer's storage of choice.

Author: https://github.com/foundriesio/docs/pull/495/commits/8d8e984983d3b7081b601da3264a804babc22344

> To generate your first offline TUF targets key, or rotate an existing key, use this Fioctl_ command::

Author: ok

> To generate your first offline TUF targets key, or rotate an existing key, use this Fioctl_ command::

Author: https://github.com/foundriesio/docs/pull/495/commits/b61fb80cc8de66bd1694aab133d5776466154671

  fioctl keys tuf rotate-offline-key --role=targets \
    --keys=/absolute/path/to/root.keys.tgz --targets-keys=/absolute/path/to/targets.keys.tgz

> This command will perform the following steps:

Author: ok

there is one more place for this suggestion at line 44.

> This command will perform the following steps:

Author: https://github.com/foundriesio/docs/pull/495/commits/8349ccf6856dbadc4b6533fe3e2f52ddfa9381a0

        |-- first-root.sec     # The initial (online) TUF root private key
        |-- fioctl-root-<keyid>.sec  # Your first (offline) TUF root private key
        `-- fioctl-root-<keyid>.pub  # Your first (offline) TUF root public key

The most critical file here is ``fioctl-root-<keyid>.sec``,
e.g. ``fioctl-root-5d7397a7a9d62d4f89a39b77903831af12172abb8b9f483e7ad9638bacbc93b1.sec``.
The ``<keyid>`` part can be verified with the current ``root.json`` using this command::

  $ fioctl keys tuf show-root | jq '.signed.roles.root.keyids[0]'
  "5d7397a7a9d62d4f89a39b77903831af12172abb8b9f483e7ad9638bacbc93b1"

The TUF targets keys tarball have a similar structure.
For example, after the first (offline) TUF targets key rotation, it will look like below::

    tufrepo
    `-- keys
        |-- fioctl-targets-<keyid>pub
        `-- fioctl-targets-<keyid>.sec

Similarly, the ``<keyid>`` part can be verified using this command::

  $ fioctl keys tuf show-root | jq '.signed.roles.targets.keyids[1]'
  "cb58f6b83e1e16276c64b19aef7fb07afe3227818f8511ac3ceb288965afdb65"

See the section `How to Backup Offline TUF Keys`_ below, how the internal structure of these tarballs can be used.

> 

Author: I separated the reference below by this additional newline.

IIUC all white space is ignored by Sphinx. So it should be fine.

> 

Reviewer 4: Not always, but yeah, in this case it's just a styling thing, but if the additional newline makes the source easier to read, we can keep it.

.. _Backup Offline TUF Keys:

How to Backup Offline TUF Keys
------------------------------

There are 3 recommended ways for backing up your Factory TUF keys:

  - Copy the entire tarball, e.g. ``cp <tarball> <path to backup storage media>``.
  - Extract and copy a plain text file of the Factory's active root private key.
  - Print out the Factory's active root private key.

> We recommend placing 2–3 copies of these backups in safes in different geographical locations.

Reviewer 4: Yes. :)

The last two options require understanding the offline keys file format.

> See the section `How to View Offline TUF Keys`_ to understand keys tarball internal structure.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
See the section `How to View Offline TUF Keys`_ to understand the keys tarball internal structure.
```

Author: ok

Author: https://github.com/foundriesio/docs/pull/495/commits/b61fb80cc8de66bd1694aab133d5776466154671

Expert Mode
-----------

> The Fioctl_ ``keys tuf updates`` command set allows you to implement various TUF keys workflows based on your requirements.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
The Fioctl_ ``keys tuf updates`` command set allows you to implement various TUF key workflows based on your requirements.
```

Reviewer 4: In this instance, "key" is a modifier of workflows so is used in the singular.

Author: OK. I don't feel expert enough to argue on this.

Author: fixed in force-push
